Try not. Do or do not. There is no try.
Your eyes can deceive you; don’t trust them.
Luminous beings we are, not this crude matter.
Who’s the more foolish: the fool or the fool who follows him?
Your focus determines your reality.
No longer certain that one ever does win a war, I am.
In a dark place we find ourselves and a little more knowledge lights our way.
Sometimes we must let go of our pride and do what is requested of us.
We’ll always be with you. No one’s ever really gone. A thousand generations live in you now.
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.
Difficult to see; always in motion is the future.
Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our viewpoint.
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
I like firsts. Good or bad, they're always memorable.
Great, kid, don’t get cocky.
Congratulations. You are being rescued.
Sorry lady. I don’t understand frog.
Insolence? We are pirates. We don’t even know what that means.
I’m a Mandalorian. Weapons are part of my religion.
Come on, baby! Do the magic hand thing.
Be careful not to choke on your aspirations, director.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.
I’ve seen what such feelings can do to a fully trained Jedi Knight. To the best of us.
The fear of loss is a path to the dark side.
Let go of your hate.
Strike me down in anger and I’ll always be with you. Just like your father.
You are nothing. A scavenger girl is no match for the power in me. I am all the Sith.
Why, you stuck-up half-witted scruffy-looking nerf herder.
Laugh it up, fuzzball!
Would somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way?
You’re just a child in a mask.
Stormbloopers. Bucket brain. Buckethead.
Mos Eisley, you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
I’d just as soon kiss a wookiee.
Don’t call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.
Some moof milker put a compressor on the ignition line.
There’s always a bigger fish.
In my experience, there’s no such thing as luck.
Never underestimate a droid.
I guess every once in a while both suns shine on a womp rat’s tail.
As my sweet mother always said, ‘Son, if one hostage is good, two are better. And three, well, that’s good business.'
I am one with the Force and the Force is with me.
I got a bad feeling about this.
These aren’t the droids you’re looking for.
You can’t stop change any more than you can stop the suns from setting.
Women always figure out the truth. Always.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
I don’t want your armor. I want my armor.
Never tell me the odds.
A friendly piece of advice; assume that I know everything.
I’m a big deal in the resistance.
In my experience, there’s no such thing as luck.
In my book, experience outranks everything.
Can I offer you a libation to celebrate the closing of our shared narrative?
We stand here amidst my achievement. Not yours!
Stand together, die together. Let your death be the final word in the story of rebellion.
Let the past die. Kill it if you have to.
I did want to take your hand, Ben’s hand.
You really have it bad for the Falcon, don’t you?
It’s mutual, trust me. She belongs with me.
Compassion, which I would define as unconditional love, is essential to a Jedi’s life so you might say we are encouraged to love.
So this is how liberty dies … with thunderous applause.
We had each other. That’s how we won.
Save the rebellion! Save the dream!
I was not elected to watch my people suffer and die while you discuss this invasion in a committee.
That’s how we’re gonna win. Not fighting what we hate, saving what we love.
Make ten men feel like a hundred.
The First Order wins by making people think they are alone. We’re not alone. Good people will fight if we lead them.
A thousand generations live in you now. But this is your fight.
Rebellions are built on hope.
To die for one’s people is a great sacrifice. To live for one’s people, an even greater sacrifice. I choose to live for my people.
If we can make it to the ground, we’ll take the next chance. And the next. On and on until we win … or the chances are spent.